Update date in tutorials (#4068)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/tutorial-8-the-supervisor.md

12. Navigate to the location of this project and open the world file `my_supervisor.wbt` using a text editor.
Locate where our ball is described, the line starts with `DEF BALL Solid ...`.
Select and copy the description.

> Open an empty text file, as a first line add `#VRML_OBJ R2022a` and then paste the description of the Solid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open an empty text file, as a first line add `#VRML_OBJ {{ webots.version.major }}` and then paste the description of the Solid.
```

It must be named `custom_ball.wbo` and saved in the controller's directory.

```

> #VRML_OBJ R2022a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#VRML_OBJ {{ webots.version.major }}
```
